[REKI] Don't judge me.
I told him it wasn't
that big of a deal.
Everyone knows hot springs
are a boomer thing.
But Miya swore
this particular one
was known for miraculously
healing injuries.
So, we all hopped
a ferry to Miyakojima
where this miracle
spring is located.
Better be worth it.
[LANGA]
"She's hot."
You're so obvious.
Like you would know.
So that's what you like.
Don't waste your time.
She's not into you.
How can you be so sure
when I haven't talked
to her yet, stupid?
[REKI]
Langa, go say hi to her.
Why? This is your thing!
[REKI]
I need a wingman!
That way I look cool
and not desperate!
Glad you know your weaknesses.
Shut it!
What's the best way
to talk to a girl here?
Oh yeah. Just ask her
some questions. Ya know?
Like, "Hey girl,
are you hungry?" Huh?
No, she's not you.
This is dumb. We're on
a ferry from Okinawa,
so just say she looks
familiar or something.
What's that?
Oh. Um.
I know how to
skateboard really well.
[WOMAN 06A]
Can you hear me now?
[SHADOW, MIYA laugh]
Man, that was brutal!
I'm so embarrassed for you!
You're gonna be okay.
Dude, I'm not depressed!
Hey! What an
unpredictable surprise!
[REKI, LANGA, SHADOW, MIYA]
Joe?
[JOE] Hm? Nice of your dad
to chaperone for you.
I'm not a chaperone!
Trust me. This sucks.
It's dangerous for kids
to travel by themselves!
Why don't you
go with them, Hiromi?
I'm sure.
[CARLA]
It's time to wake up.
[JOE]
Hm?
[CARLA]
Ten minutes until arrival.
[CHERRY]
Copy that. Thank you, Carla.
I know that voice. [groans]
Oh great! What the hell
are you doing here?
I could ask you
the same, damn gigolo!
I'm here on business,
what's your excuse?
Vacay all day.
Going to hot springs.
Yeah, same.
I'm babysitting.
Well, looks like we're all here.
You're bad.
See ya!
[SHADOW] All right,
you get all your junk?
I think we should
head to the inn first
and drop everything off.
Then go get some grub--
Yahoo!
Moron! Aren't you here
to nurse your injuries?
[MIYA] There's no point in
using logic with idiots.
[JOE] If you're hangin' with
morons, what's that make you?
[CHERRY]
Alpha moron, maybe?
[SHADOW] Hey, wait a sec!
What about all your stuff?
Thanks for grabbing mine.
[SHADOW]
Hey!
[REKI] This street is
so frikkin' smooth!
[LANGA]
It's awesome!
What's with the parasol?
[JOE] Precious doesn't wanna
get a tan. He's delicate.
Where are your clothes, bro?
[CHERRY] He's charring his
chesticles for locals in heat.
Such a thirsty gorilla.
Who's thirsty?
[SHADOW] I need an adult!
Your turn to drive!
Go ahead. You're the elder.
Nice try. But I'm not
adulting today!
[JOE]
Yeehaw!
[REKI gasps]
I've never seen him skate.
I totally have, and I'm gonna--
No you're not, Reki.
No I'm not, what?
We came here to
heal your injuries.
Don't make this
a worthless trip.
Are you my mom now?
He has a point. You came
out here to get better.
[REKI sighs]
[LANGA]
Reki, Look! On your left!
It's a beach!
Yup, that's what it is.
He's new.
He moved here from
the mountains,
so I doubt he's seen
the ocean much.
A real beach!
[LANGA]
Woo!
[REKI]
Yeah!
[MIYA]
Yahoo!
[JOE]
Yeah!
[LANGA]
The beach!
[REKI]
Woohoo!
Pretty.
[LANGA gasps]
You gotta take a risk. Right?
Hey, have you guys seen Joe?
[REKI]
He's over there.
--You're both so adorable!
--Who's cuter?
[SHADOW]
Damn his abs!
I'm not doin' that!
Crap! Be back!
Don't go over there,
you'll make it worse.
By doing what?
Help! Joe!
That old guy scares me!
Joe, you listening
to me? I'm scared!
[LANGA gasps] Don't worry,
bae, I'll protect you.
[MIYA]
So dumb.
[REKI]
Where are you...?
Hey, why don't we all grab
something to eat later--
[MIYA]
Daddy!
Mommy's mad and said
if you don't come back,
she'll kill you.
[JOE]
What? That is not your mom!
Dude's a dad.
[JOE]
He's not my kid!
[MIYA] Please oh please!
Don't take Daddy away!
What's wrong with you?
Is this a prank, you dumb kid?
Hey, wait! Come back!
Signorinas. Please.
[BOTH]
Hell yes!
[TADASHI] As far as
the recent crackdown goes,
I can confirm it was
under the orders
of Inspector Kiriko Kamata.
Of course it's
that mantis woman.
From what I heard, she got
suspicious about that area
being removed from
the patrol route.
[ADAM] Miss Tokyo
University needs a nap.
No worries. I'll handle it.
[ADAM] That's my favorite
date spot, after all.
[ADAM] Hmph. Well. Shielding
VIPs today, Inspector Kamata?
That's the job description.
Then might I suggest
you come here sometime
when you're off the clock.
The restaurant on the top floor
serves a divine duck entree!
[KAMATA]
Hm?
What is it that you require
to turn a meal into
a mouth-gasm?
A what? I like hors d'oeuvres.
[ADAM]
You gave me a great idea!
I owe you one!
Thanks you, Kiriko!
[groans]
--[ALL] Whoa!
--[REKI] Are you kidding me?
I never would've
guessed Pee-Paw Shadow
would come through
with something like this
for three thousand yen!
[SHADOW]
Guys! We're over here!
Seriously?
This sucks!
Shut up, we barely
had to pay anything.
Yeah, thanks for
the senior discount.
Hey! Watch it, punk!
I'm not frikkin' 80 yet!
Whatever. Wake me up when
it's time to go to dinner.
Dinner's not in the budget.
Huh?
Reality's brutal, my dudes.
It's the worst. Ugh.
Is this where the party's at?
[INNKEEPER 06A]
It's perfect, thank you!
Not that I'm surprised,
your work is always brilliant.
I hope you will enjoy
the dinner we've prepared.
Please, make yourself at home.
Thank you. I'm looking
forward to it.
[CHERRY]
How much do they think I eat?
[door opens]
Every meal tastes better
in the company of friends.
So you're welcome.
[ALL]
Whoa!
Oh for the love--!
And you brought the kids.
Wow! It's a full
course meal, guys!
[JOE] Enjoy! Big bro
here's got your tab!
Why're you doing this?
[SHADOW, REKI, MIYA]
Let's eat!
I-I think I love your guts!
Mister Manager, you're the best!
Okay, I get it!
I'm not the manager!
Get off me, dude!
I don't get the appeal
of drinking alcohol.
That's because you're
"better than everyone."
Poor you. Ah!
[CARLA] Underage drinking
is strictly prohibited.
[REKI] My bad. I thought
that was water.
[LANGA]
Reki. Here it is.
[REKI]
Oh yeah. The shaft's a bit off.
Bet you're having a hard time
keeping your balance.
Yeah, how'd you know that?
Because that's
what I do, my friend.
Wow, you're amazing, Reki.
[REKI]
I'm nothing compared to you.
Nah, I just see it
a lot at the shop.
[REKI]
Most of the damage is here.
Which means he's definitely
got the center down.
[REKI]
He really has gotten better.
--That it?
--Yeah, for now. Gah.
[MIYA] By the way, I'm pretty
sure today is the day.
[CHERRY]
The day?
Yeah, when it shows up.
[LANGA] Huh? What shows up?
Whaddaya mean--
That's ridiculous!
I just overheard
the hostess say it.
She told someone not to
forget what day it was
and asked them to
please not walk around
outside after sunset.
[REKI] Well, thank goodness
it isn't my
'walk around aimlessly'
night tonight.
Reki?
[REKI]
I need to grab a drink.
Injury or not,
this is no time to rest.
Aw man, you've got
the worst timing ever.
What's goin' on?
That trick you did
today was awesome.
Can you teach me how to do it?
[JOE]
It's not really a trick,
you gotta stop rotating with
your hand all the time.
Try pushing your foot forward
to turn instead.
My foot?
Huh. That seems like it would
be pretty difficult to do
while going downhill
at top speed.
Just takes guts and momentum,
y'know like everything
else in skateboarding.
Yeah, I guess so.
Look, if you're not prepared
to break a bone or two,
you shouldn't be
skating Crazy Rock.
You in? Or you wanna go home?
[REKI]
Nah, I'm in.
I do wanna work on
getting better first.
I don't wanna fall behind.
Then you've got the drive.
[JOE]
That's what's important.
[REKI] What? So there's
no hot spring here anywhere?
You should've double
checked before we left.
[CHERRY]
The hostess gave me this map.
It's in the mountains
five kilometers from here.
And it's listed as
a secluded hot spring.
Five kilometers, huh?
Sounds like the perfect
distance to have a beef.
Oh. Yeah.
[SHADOW] Did someone say beef?
I'm in! Let's go!
Wow, full hair and makeup.
I thought you were
sleeping off your hangover.
Only the weak me is
derailed by booze.
Now the mask is in control!
[LANGA]
What's this mark mean?
[JOE]
It looks like a face.
Monkey meeting spot?
Guys!
Maybe it's where the thing is
that the hostess
was talking about!
They wouldn't draw something
like that on a map! Come on!
Seems like you're afraid of it.
Oh please. You think
I'm afraid of
some grade school
ghost stories? I'm not.
Have any of you been hearing
that strange sound, too?
Stop, you're freaking me out!
[clattering]
That was one. There's two.
There's three.
[REKI]
Okay, you're not funny!
[JOE] First one to arrive
at the hot spring wins,
plain and simple.
You can choose
whichever path you want.
Then a lot of this depends on
our ability to read maps.
Dungeons are my forte!
Hey! Do you really
want to do this tonight?
It's already dark and maps are
easier to read in the daytime!
[CHERRY]
Carla, count down.
[CARLA]
Okay, Master.
Y'know what would be awesome?
Taking a morning bath right
before the race tomorrow!
[alarm blares]
Gladiolus Laser!
[CHERRY groans]
[SHADOW]
Outta my way, Pinky-Pie!
[CHERRY]
Visual distraction!
I'll save you a seat!
Atta clown!
It's no fun if you're not gonna
fight for it, amirite? Guys?
[gasps] Guess I'll go forward.
I'll head to the right.
The short route!
[CHERRY]
Carla, Give me the route
with the least
elevation changes!
[CARLA]
Take a left at the fork.
[SHADOW chuckles]
Violet Spider!
[MIYA]
Pardon me!
Dammit!
Which way now? Yeah, there!
[LANGA]
Where did Reki go?
[REKI]
I guess I lost them all.
Where the hell am I even going?
[sighs]
Excuse me, I'm lost. Can you--
[REKI screams]
[REKI gasps]
Omigod, Langa!
I'm sorry I left.
It's gotta be hard
to race with injuries.
Yeah.
--[rustling]
--[REKI gasps]
[cat meows]
[LANGA]
Reki. It's a cat.
[REKI]
You're a cat!
[REKI] I wonder how far
they've already gone.
[LANGA] They're probably
taking baths by now.
[REKI]
Ugh! I am sweating like a moose!
Uphill sucks! Why does it exist?
We couldn't have
downhill without it.
Thanks, Langa. Mystery solved.
[LANGA]
Hm?
Something smells funny.
Me?
Not like that.
It smells like a gross mixture
of mud, oil, and wild animals.
Oh yeah. It's bizarre.
What is that?
[LANGA gasps]
[LANGA]
Kinda looks like...
[LANGA, REKI]
Shadow?
Are you okay?
[BOTH]
Gross!
[REKI]
Dude.
[LANGA]
That's what we smelled earlier.
Are those marks made with mud?
Run away. Get out of here!
They're gonna be...
Who's "they," Shadow?
Weren't you with Miya?
Where is he?
[MIYA screams]
[LANGA]
Did you hear that?
Yeah, I think it
was Miya's voice!
[LANGA, REKI]
Miya!
Hey, get up!
What happened?
Reki, look!
[REKI]
It's that mark from the map.
[LANGA] Is that it?
The thing that shows up--
Please don't say it.
--[LANGA] But we--
--[REKI] I'm serious!
--[LANGA] This is...
--[REKI] La la la la la la!
[BOTH gasp]
[LANGA]
Is it the cat?
[REKI]
I hope so.
[squelching]
[LANGA] It sounds
a little weird to be a cat.
Who are we to say what sounds
cats can and can't make?
[LANGA, REKI scream]
[LANGA, REKI screaming]
I guess we're the first
ones to make it here.
[CHERRY] There's no "we"
about it. I beat you.
[BOTH yelling]
Cheater! That doesn't count!
So freakin' scary!
So gross and smelly!
--[REKI] I'm so freaked out!
--[LANGA] I'm so grossed out!
[REKI, LANGA] Of course
there's gotta be a hill!
Over it!
[BOTH]
I think we lived.
Oh, man, what in
the world was that?
Like I'd know!
I wanna get out of here.
How does that thing
keep finding us?
[LANGA] What the?
It's riding on Shadow's board!
Is it even allowed to do that?
Dammit!
Wow.
Are you judging its skills?
[LANGA]
Watch that inner side. Reki!
I know!
[REKI]
What is that thing?
Shut up.
Wow, he's good!
It's trying to kill us!
What? Stop!
Get away from me!
[REKI]
It's over.
It's gonna be okay.
[REKI]
You totally just saved my life!
[BOTH screaming]
[SPIRITS laughing]
[JOE]
Man, those guys are stupid late.
I wonder if they came across
a curse or something.
[CHERRY] It's absurd.
If I remember correctly,
you were always quite
fond of haunted houses.
I'm into hot, scared chicks
grabbing on me.
You're a disgusting pig.
[footsteps]
[BOTH]
Hm?
[JOE]
Yo! Bout time you showed up!
That smell is offensive.
So true.
[SPIRITS]
Cherry... Joe...
[BOTH scream]
Bleh. I can still smell it.
I never realized
you were so sensitive.
I work in a flower shop.
They're not too cool
when you smell bad.
Restaurants are the same way.
That guy sure was
fast, wasn't he?
Was it a human?
[JOE]
Had to be a ghost.
There's no way!
Then tell us what it was!
[ALL]
I have no idea what it could be.
When you have an hors d'ovre,
the main dish becomes the star.
[ADAM]
I've made up my mind, Tadashi.
We'll hold a competition.
A tournament, if you will.
[MIYA] That hot spring
was so much fun, Cherry!
--[CHERRY] 80,031.
--[MIYA] What's that?
[CHERRY] It's your bill
from the restaurant.
[MIYA]
Huh? What? I'm just a kid!
Let the adults take care of it!
[CHERRY] They each have their
own individual bills as well!
[MIYA] Mommy, will you
please buy me a game?
[CHERRY]
I am not your momma, boy!